STS - Security Token Service
Desc:
Grants user limited and temporary access to AWS resources
3 types:
1. Federation (typically active directory)
    - Uses Securtiy Assertion Markup Language
    - Grants Temporaty access based off the users Active Directory
    - Does not need to be defined in IAM
    - Single sign on allows users to log in to AWS console without assigning IAM Credentials

2. Federation with Mobile apps
    - User FB,Amazon,Gootle or othe OpenID providers to log in
3. Cross Account Access
    - Lets users form one AWS account access resources in another

Key Terms:
- Federation: Combining or joining a list of users in one domain (IE IAM) with another domain(Active Directory, FB)
- Identity Broker: A service that allows you to take an identity from point A and join (or federate) it to point B
    - Needs to be created, not out of the box*
- Identity Store - Serices like Active Directory, Google, Ect
- Identities - a user of a service like Facebook, ect…
- ADFS – Active Directory Federation Services – SSO from Microsoft, plugin for Webserver
- SAML - Security Assertion Markup Language


Scenario:
You are hosting a company website on some EC2 web servers in your VPC.
Users of the website must log in to the site which then
authenticates agains the companies active directory servers which
are based on site at the companies headquarters.  Your VPC is
connected to your company HQ via a secure IPSEC VPN. ONce
logged in the user can only have access to their own S3 bucket.
How do you set this up?

Answer
1. Employee enters their username and password
2. The application calls an Idenity Broker. The broker captures the username and password
3  The identity broker usees the organizations LDAP directory to validate the employees identity
4. The identity broker calls the new GetFederationToken function using IAM credentials.
   The call must include the IAM policy and a duration (1 to 36 hours),
   along with a policy that specifies the permissions to be granted to the temp security credentials
5. The Security Token Service confirms that the policy of the IAM user making the call to GetFederationToken
   gives permission to create new tokes and then returns 
   four values to the application:
    1. access key  
    2. a secret accress key,
    3. a token
    4. duration of tokens lifetime
6. The identity broker retuns the temporary security credentials to the reporting application
7. The data storage application uses the temporary security credentials (including the token to make requests to S3
8  Amazon S3 uses IAM to verify that the credentials allow the requested operation on the given S3 bucket and key
9. IAM provides S3 with the go-ahead to perform the requested operation.

In the Exam: ( user credentials)
1. Develop and Identity Broker to communicate with LDAP and AWS STS
2. Identity Broker always authenticates with LDAP first, THEN with AWS STS
3. Application then gets temporary access to AWS resources

or (role based ie admin)
1. Develop and Identity Broker to communicate with LDAP and AWS STS
2. Identity Broker always autehnticates with LDAP first, gets and IAM Role associate wth a user
3. Application then authenticates with STS and assumes the IAM Role
4. Application uses that IAM role to interact with S3

Scenrio notes:
- Always authenticate agains Active Directory First


Term






